feat(guide): clarify sharing docker compose (#1766)
TRaSH-Guides/Guides: docs/Misc/how-to-provide-a-docker-compose.md

    sudo docker run --rm -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock ghcr.io/red5d/docker-autocompose sonarr radarr bazarr nzbget
    ```

> **Do not share the output directly to Discord, reddit, forums, etc.**

Author: ```suggestion
!!! warning
    Please not share the output directly to Discord, reddit, forums, etc. and instead use the sites below
```
